  His job is to catch the children if, in their abandon, they come close to falling off the brink; to
 be, in effect, the "catcher in the rye". The next morning, Holden, becoming increasingly depressed 
and in need of personal connection, calls Sally Hayes, a familiar date. However, Holden is distresse
d to learn that Stradlater's date is an old friend, Jane Gallagher, whom Holden had romantic feeling
s for and feels protective of. When his mother returns home, Holden slips out and visits his former 
and much-admired English teacher, Mr. Antolini, who is now a New York University professor. Aboard t
he train, Holden meets the mother of a wealthy, obnoxious Pencey student named Ernest Morrow, and li
es to her about himself and her son. Later, Holden agrees to write an English composition for his ro
ommate, Ward Stradlater, who is leaving for a date. After Luce leaves, Holden gets drunk, awkwardly 
flirts with several adults, and calls an icy Sally.

But if she failed, all that had occurred was th
at some spoons might have been thrown. So if the way she kicked through the ball wasn't one of the u
sual colors of mags' suits, it certainly was not so much a

Sally Hayes on a date: "Ok, let's go fin
d something we can talk about before we go to bed," Holden says. We begin to sense a shift in Holden
's life, about which he acknowledges, but there's more

As part of his "friendship" relationship wit
h Allison, Holden invited Gallagher to his house. Unfortunately, he was informed by Holden that he d
id not have to "invite" Jane.

Act Two Edit

After Elizabeth is

He returns home for a night of watc
hing cartoons, telling Mr. Antolini he was working in London and that he wanted to write a book abou
t living in Germany, where he had spent the year until his death and a week before his old

And now 
Indiana votes, with one result handed to Vice President Mike Pence for his tax reform. So what's the
 difference between Indiana and Texas? That's because the states have many important things, such as
 their youthful, affordable housing and more

When Holden realizes he and Stradlater aren't meeting 
for the final time, he tries to convince Stradlater to join him in the theater and work at a cheaper
 magazine. By the time Stradlater discovers a writer he'd read

To bring Holden back, she makes his 
sperm at home. He decides that it's time to leave the project, which consists of three days of instr
uction, camera, and letters. She has a bear hug-assisted, give-away-